Populations:
        Nomads: A group that lives off the land, and travels during weather (immune to cold and hot deaths)
        Modern: A group similar to our world (immune to aliens)
        Advanced: An elightened group who have no need for the modern struggles (immune to greed, gold, and religion)
        

Buttons:
        1: Wind - on/off
        2: Humid - on/off
        3: greed - on/off
        4: gold - once found is always there
        5: religion - on/off
        6: gun powder - once found is always found
        7: plague - on/off
        8: renaissance - on/off
        9. love - on/off
        10. Aliens - on/off
        
Thermisitor: 
      Makes the enviorment hot when over a certain limitation
      Makes the enviroment cold when under a certain limitation
    
Photsensor:
      Makes the enviroment sunny over a certain limitation
      Makes the enviroment cold under a certain limitation
      
Motor:
        Volcano erruption that kills everyone
        User has 10 seconds to stop it before killing starts
      
People will die or be born based off of button orders

Endings:
        Good:
              1. World peace: every land has love renaissance and no one is dead
              2. closer to god: Nomads and Modern religion, love, and aliens for both
              3. christmas day: cold, religion and love - nomad or modern
              4. Cultural spread: aliens and renaissance and religion in advanced 
        Bad:
              1. Theres nothing here: aliens come to any land once everyone in every land is dead
              2. Greedy sons of bitches: Nomads or moder, greed and gold and gun powder (with one LED left)
              3. Been here before: I third of modern is dead, it is hot, and plaugue is on
              4. Redo: reset button is hit ten times in a row
              5. Global warming: humid, hot, and windy on any population
              6. Everything is gone: everyone is dead, the world is dark and cold
             
Other button combinations:
        * gun powder and religion kills 1 LED (except for advanced)
        * greed, gun powder, and gold kills 1 LED (except for advanced)
        * aliens, greed, and gun powder kills 2 LED (except for modern)
        * cold and wind kills 1 (except for nomad)
        * heat and humid kills 1 (except for nomad)
        * renaissance and love causes 2 to be born
        * plague and cold kills 1